WIP: CLI11 to replace Boost program option (#373)
DGtal-team/DGtalTools: ChangeLog.md

# DGtalTools 1.1

- *global*

>   -  New way to handle tools options by using CLI11 instead boost program option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  New way to handle command line options of DGtalTools by using CLI11 instead boost program option.
```
